My wife gave me a handjob the other day using Vaseline. I came three times trying to wash it off,

The stork is the bird that brings the baby, but a swallow's the one to prevent it,

Who's the most popular guy at the nudist colony? The one who can carry a cup of coffee in each hand and a dozen doughnuts,

Why did the sperm cross the road? Because I put on the wrong sock this morning,

My neighbor has been mad at his wife for sunbathing nude. I, personally, am on the fence,


Why did the squirrel swim on its back? To keep his nuts dry,

How does a woman scare a gynecologist? By becoming a ventriloquist,

Without women sex would be a pain in the ass,

It is a sin to put it in, but it's a shame to pull it out,

Why do women wear panties with flowers on them? In loving memory of all the faces that have been buried there,

Two men broke into a drugstore and stole all the Viagra. The police put out an alert to be on the lookout for the two hardened criminals,

Did you hear about the guy who died of a Viagra overdose? They couldn't close his casket,

What does a horny frog say? Rub it,

What do you call a cheap circumcision? A ripoff,

What do you call a person who doesn’t masturbate? A liar,

When should condoms be used? Every conceivable occasion,

A penis is the lightest thing in the world. Even a thought can raise it,

What the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chickpea? I’ve never let a garbanzo bean on my chest,

I went out dressed as a chicken last night and met a girl who was dressed like an egg. One thing led to another and the lifelong question was answered: It was the chicken,

How is sex like a game of bridge? With a great hand, you don't even need a partner,

What do you call an expert fisherman? A Master Baiter,

What’s the difference between Covid and your legs? I don’t want Covid to spread,

What do you call two jalepeños getting it on? Fucking hot,

A genealogist looks up the family tree, a gynecologist looks up the family bush,

What does a robot do after a one-night stand. Nuts and bolts,

Did you hear about the guy who dipped his balls in glitter? Pretty nuts!,

My girlfriend is a porn star. She's going to be so pissed off when she finds out,

Girls who give blowjobs are fucked in the head,

What's the difference between pink and purple? The grip,

My asshole is just like a 9-volt battery, you know you shouldn't lick it, but you're going to anyway,





